the power station they'll all be a
little Sean morning show what it is with
St what it is Tyra 95.3 break some gas
it of course we are ready for some
gossip must he take it away well what it
is was bust myth and his 14 year old son
Jaden Smith they do something together
for the first time ever and it was aired
live on television it was on the graham
norton show will smith and his gents 8
son jaden smith excuse me perform
together guys are you kidding like to
keep it mellow I like to make friends
and matrons attend folks all right ok ok
now what I loved about this is not only
was Will Smith rapping with her son
Jaden which sounds like really cool it
just took it back you know it's like
seeing Will Smith rappy again when he's
young but he also brought on the cast of
fresh prince of bel-air ok this is the
show that me was his name is well this
time I brought my DJ Jazzy down oh my
god oh maybe ever gets tired of singing
that I wonder if will is this tired of
that song ok look like his ideas like an
impromptu thing we have the guys come
over you know they were so excited to do
it so it's kind of cool and then he saw
Carlton doing his damn how'd you get it
yeah oh my god yeah you know who we
don't see never don't see Will Smith's
oldest son Trey there you don't put
anything yes I'd like to be in the
limelight maybe maybe you know so I
don't know a lot to look forward to with
will smith he's with pushing his son
Jaden it looks like he's the next big
thing you can watch them in the movie um
after another sorry May 31st and I'll
try to come down
to make friends and matrons all right
now what it is with the manda binds from
Nickelodeon show all that and then she
had it's me the Ashley show anyway so
amanda bynes popular with Nick at
Nickelodeon years ago and now we see her
older she's not really working much more
like what's going on with the girl while
she's completely like gone crazy last
told you that she was arrested when cops
found her throwing a bong out of her
apartment window they found drugs
whatever right so they dressed her well
now she's claiming that the cops that
arrested her sexually assaulted her not
to be vulgar but she quote she says that
they quote slapped her vagina hell I
know it's so weird guys guys that's
exactly what she was saying that they
just slapping it like what cop would it
just sounds weird so she's pressing
charges for that and then hours later we
hear that amanda Bynes was acting up
with Rihanna when I started reading the
tweets she's tweeted Rihanna out of
nowhere saying Chris Brown beat you
because you're not pretty enough wow
what the hell Rihanna didn't even warn
him no there no issues or anything so
listenable rihanna tweeted back to
amanda Bynes after that disk she puts
you see what happens when they cancel
intervention so she totally hit a low
ball yet because a lot of people are
saying amanda Bynes it's just completely
cracked out why she starting beef with
Rihanna mr. Charlie Sheen effect I feel
like the media or I feel like somebody
always has to be in that role at all
times cuz if it wasn't the a sheen it
was living below and all that Lindsay
Lohan is tucked away in a suitcase in a
rehab center somewhere somebody end up
buying see but I know we make jokes
right and like I'm none of them what
this girl's crazy but it's like a lot of
people think she could die or commit
suicide like she is that out of her mind
now we don't know what half act or the
heath ledger suicidal effect I don't
know it's completely insane you have to
see the crazy wig she's wearing when she
was in court Cena tweets as she tweeted
to Rihanna poor amanda Bynes power and I
53 calm think she threw the ball out of
the window instead of herself though
yeah that's what it is every 50 after
with the OB a little Sean show